#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
Here you will find Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ).

=Install=
    * [FAQ#Why_do_you_need_my_ftp_login_details_during_install? Why do you need my ftp login details during install?]
    * [FAQ#What_do_I_need_to_fill_in_for_'PB_path'? What do I need to fill in for 'PB path'?]
    * [FAQ#I_have_a_gameserver_running_on_windows,_can_I_use_PBSViewer? I have a gameserver running on windows, can I use PBSViewer?]

=Usage=
    * [FAQ#After_update_the_download_folder_is_still_empty,_what_is_wrong? After update the download folder is still empty, what is wrong?]
    * [FAQ#Why_are_all_pages_are_blank? Why are all pages are blank?]
    * [FAQ#How_does_PBSViewer_recognize_me_as_an_admin? How does PBSViewer recognize me as an admin?]
    * [FAQ#I_want_to_modify_admin_IP,_how_should_I_do_that? I want to modify admin IP, how should I do that?]
    * [FAQ#How_can_I_add_an_admin? How can I add an admin?]

=Miscellaneous=
    * [FAQ#Who_are_you? Who are you?]
    * [FAQ#I_can_not_find_my_answer,_I_need_further_help I can not find my answer, I need further help]


----

=Install=
===Why do you need my ftp login details during install?===
Those ftp login details are needed to download the screenshots from your gameserver and store them on your webserver. Once they are stored you can easily browse through your screens using PBSViewer.

===I have a gameserver running on windows, can I use PBSViewer?===
Yes it should be possible, though you need to [http://code.google.com/p/pbsviewer/downloads/detail?name=functions.inc_windows_fix.zip download a minor fix]. Please upload this '_functions.inc.php_' file to your webserver (just overwrite the old one) and try to update, it should work now.

===What do I need to fill in for 'PB path'?===
During install PB path needs to be filled in. The PB path is referring to the pb directory on your game server. PBSViewer is going to connect through ftp to your gameserver to download the latest screenshots. Those screenshots are then stored on your webserver. 

=Usage=
===After update the download folder is still empty, what is wrong?===
That is hard to say, multiple things can be wrong. In case you are running your gameserver on windows you might want to check the FAQ:
[FAQ#I_have_a_gameserver_running_on_windows,_can_I_use_PBSViewer? I have a gameserver running on windows, can I use PBSViewer?].

Here is a list of things that can go wrong:
    * Wrong pb path has been filled in during install, please check this
    * You are running old version of PHP, PBSViewer is made for PHP 5
    * Something went wrong with CHMODDING, please check if all the files and directories are CHMODDED correctly

===Why are all pages are blank?===
Probably this has to do with the PHP version you are using. PBSViewer is designed to run on PHP 5. If you are using PHP 5, but still getting blank pages, then you might want to check if all the directories and files are CHMODDED correctly.

===How does PBSViewer recognize me as an admin?===
Well during installation you had to fill in your IP address. This IP address is stored in '_config.inc.php_' in the '_inc_' directory. If this IP address matches your IP then you will have admin access. To add an admin please check the FAQ:
[FAQ#How_can_I_add_an_admin? How can I add an admin?]

===I want to modify admin IP, how should I do that?===
To modify your admin IP, please edit the '_config.inc.php_' file. There you will find the following line of code:
{{{
$admin_ip[0]	=	'YOUR_IP';
}}}

Just change the 'YOUR_IP' value.

===How can I add an admin?===
To add an admin, you need to add an IP address of the new admin, please edit the '_config.inc.php_' file, you can find it in the '_inc_' directory. There you will find the following line of code:
{{{
$admin_ip[0]	=	'YOUR_IP';
}}}

Just add the following code on the next line:
{{{
$admin_ip[1]	=	'IP OF SECOND ADMIN';
}}}

If you want to add a third admin as well, all you have to add is the following code:
{{{
$admin_ip[2]	=	'IP OF THIRD ADMIN';
}}}

Notice that the index number increases (changed from 1 to 2) for each new admin you want to add. The final result for 3 admins looks like this:
{{{
$admin_ip[0]	=	'YOUR_IP';
$admin_ip[1]	=	'IP OF SECOND ADMIN';
$admin_ip[2]	=	'IP OF THIRD ADMIN';
}}}


=Miscellaneous=
===Who are you?===
So you want to know more about me? I would like to refer you to my personal blog:
[http://www.beesar.com/about/]

===I can not find my answer, I need further help===
In case you can not find your answer here please try to [http://www.beesar.com/contact/ contact BandAhr] and ask him for help. Please use the [http://www.beesar.com/contact/ contact form] to ask your question(s).